Welcome to the new world.
This time her identity is a woman betrayed by her husband.
Suicide from the beginning.
Little Qi quickly read me the memory of the original owner.
That's it, man.
The original name is Khuc Yen.
The 24-year-old is a gentle housewife.
I just got home and heard my husband talking to another woman.
a a a a
Jia Ninh
Don't worry, I'll give you a name.
So that I can get my own way and go to the family's house.
It's my soul, my soul.
After the owner opened the door.
Her husband's words made her back cold.
I married her just because the two vice presidents got along.
I don't love her.
The owner was already depressed.
Excited after discovering her husband was having an affair
I drank a whole bottle of eye drops.
Suicide in the bathtub.
Don't touch me.
I love you.
This girl died too cowardly.
So this time her mission is to help the original owner get revenge.
And help her find true love.
Let Your Husband Regret
Next, please replace the original one.
Let's start her new life.
Bingo received
Ensure completion of the task